ABOUT THIS FREE FONT ... AND 35HEADS ... AND MORE!

Please read this file. It tells you:

  How to install your new font!
	(Not really very difficult.)
  What our rights and obligations are!
	(Not much actually. It is just a font, after all.)
  How to get another 35+ fonts at ridiculously cheap prices!
	(Ah! Here's something of value -- to you AND me.)


INSTALLATION

For TrueType installation, simply open the Windows 3.1 Control Panel, click on "Fonts," and follow the normal procedure to add the font. If this is the first TrueType font which you have added to your system, you may need to check your Windows manual. 

For PostScript installation, use the install procedure provided through Adobe Type Manager (ATM). This is similar to TrueType installation except that you use ATMCNTRL.EXE to do the installation. Check your manual for any questions.

If you use ATM, you may have to manually edit the entry in your WIN.INI file so that your printer will download your new font whenever it's called for. If you get Courier instead of the new font, then your printer probably isn't automatically downloading the font with the file. To fix the problem, add the font's .PFB file path and name to the WIN.INI softfont entry line as in the following example:

Change:
	  softfont42=c:\your-pfm-path\fontname.pfm
To:
	  softfont42=c:\your-pfm-path\fontname.pfm,C:\YOUR-PFB-PATH\FONTNAME.PFB

The comma and all-caps section is what you'll have to add. (It's not case-sensitive.) The first half of the entry should have already been made by ATM. If your listing looks like this and you still get Courier on your printer, then the problem lies elsewhere.


YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

This free font is provided as shareware. However, you have already fulfilled your obligation by receiving the complete archived file which includes the font and the promotional information about other fonts which you may purchase. For having downloaded and read these files, you may use the free font for as long as you wish. 

Copies of the complete archived file, as you received it, including all attached files, may be posted on other computer bulletin boards. I hope you will do so because it will encourage me to continue creating more fonts, including free fonts like this one.

If you pass along the free font file only, without the other files, you, the passer, are violating this shareware agreement and helping the passee do the same.

You have unlimited rights to use this font in any form your software can use it ... except to create another font file. You may not do anything with the complete font file itself except install it, make backup copies, and let your software use it to format and create characters. You may not convert the font to another format and re-distribute it.

Your installation and use of the free font signifies your acceptance of these terms.


MY RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

This font is distributed in the belief that it will be useful, but without any express warranty including even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. 

I retain ownership of the creation of this font file and rights of distribution of this font in any form.

----------------------------------------------------------

35HEADS -- QUALITY FONTS, REAL CHEAP!

If you're happy with this font, then read the following offer! It's your chance to get more than 35 high-quality fonts for next to nothing (... less than a dollar a font). 


WHAT FONTS ARE AVAILABLE?

There are more than 35 fonts in the complete package. There are fun fonts, traditional (but seldom-seen) fonts, very bold fonts, light fonts -- in a large range of designs.

Why don't you take a look now? Copy the file SEE35HDS.EXE to some temporary directory that has about 400,000 bytes available. Run the file. It will self-extract into a Windows CardFile file. Use Windows CardFile to take a look at all the fonts you'll get. You'll also find some additional technical information and details not included here.

All of these fonts are intended for use in larger sizes. As headline type. As decorative type. For use in logo and other design work. Hence the name "35HEADS." 

Some of the fonts are readable in text sizes all the way down to 5-point. But you probably already have standard text fonts, such as Times or Helvetica, which will work better for paragraphs of body copy. All of the fonts are kerned and hinted.


WHERE DID THESE FONTS COME FROM?

I've been in advertising and design for twenty years and jumped from drafting table to PC five years ago. I had been wanting an Egyptian Bold Condensed font for Windows, but couldn't find any available. So two years ago, I sat down one weekend and created the font in Corel Draw. I spent a lot of time working the bugs out of the font-generating system. I released that font, which I named "Cairo," into the freeware market and became famous. (Well, semi-semi-famous.) 

With the bugs worked out, I then created another font, and another. Suddenly I had 15 fonts and started selling the whole package for ridiculously cheap prices. (Well, semi-ridiculous.) Soon, I had gotten up to 25 different fonts. (It's like peeling wallpaper. You get started and you can't stop.) And the ridiculously cheap income kept me in new software, hardware upgrades and an occasional dinner out. And this year the income bought me Fontographer for the PC. I had sworn that I was done with font-making when I finished the first 25. Now here we are talking about 35HEADS.

I have always tried to create fonts that were not available in computer-usable format. Occasionally, after I've created a font, I learn that it is available elsewhere, though certainly not at the low prices you'll pay me. Some are not available in any electronic form. My fonts will not be available through any other source. The whole package will not be released into the public domain. There's only one way to get 'em, and it'll cost you less than a dollar a font.


WHY SO CHEAP?

I'm often on the buying end of software, just like you. Now I'm selling ... so rather than ask $10 or even $5 for each font that's already been created, I'm asking less than a dollar! I'm not getting rich, but maybe I'll get compensated for the weeks I've put in creating the fonts. I don't have a giant investment to recover. I've been in marketing long enough to know that the traditional wisdom is to charge whatever the market will bear. Well, I don't have to answer to anyone except my own conscience this time. And it says to charge a reasonable amount and then be happy that people are finding value in my efforts and putting the results to good use. (Sorry if that sounds sappy, but it's nice to be honest.)


IF THEY'RE THAT CHEAP, ARE THEY ANY GOOD?

Yes.

Take a close look at the free font you've installed. Print a "type showing" or something else using it. If you're happy with this one, you'll be happy with the others. 

Thousands of users are currently using my fonts. They include downloaders of free fonts plus purchasers of the complete font packages. These fonts were carefully crafted, character by character, in Corel Draw and Fontographer. All fonts now include kerning pairs and hinting.

The font named "Cairo" was included on disk with last year's book "The Font Problem Solver" by David D. Busch, published by Business One Irwin.

25FONTS was favorably reviewed in WindowsUser magazine this year receiving 3½ stars, even though that font package was un-kerned and un-hinted.

Here's some past user comments:

  "I purchased your 25FONTS recently and really enjoy them. They're a tremendous value -- high quality and very useable."
        J.B., Ojai, CA

  "Love that Coliseum!!"
        R.J., Woodbury, CT

  "I just got your set of incredibly inexpensive fonts. Please let me know when you are bringing out more fonts."
        C.G., CompuServe message

  "... the fonts look great."
        C.N., Martinez, GA

  "My sex life has really improved since I started using your fonts." (Not!)
        T.H., Clearwater, FL     


DON'T I ALREADY HAVE ONE OF THESE FONTS?

A few of these fonts have been posted over the past two years on CompuServe and America OnLine. If you've downloaded any of those, here's your chance to get the ones you've missed with no on-line charges. Additionally, those posted fonts, as well as all previous fonts, have now been upgraded with additional characters, kerning pairs and hinting. Even if you already have a free font or two, you'll want this complete set just for the improvements.


WHAT DO I GET?

All 35+ fonts in PostScript, Type 1, format or TrueType format. You have the right to use the fonts for anything for which you would use any other purchased font. Of course you can't re-sell or pass on copies of the font files themselves. You may not give copies to friends. (Let 'em send their own checks!). You may not load the purchased fonts onto any bulletin board.

YOU HAVE A FULL MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE IF YOU'RE NOT HAPPY WITH THESE FONTS! (And continuing my honesty policy, I should let you know that someone took advantage of this guarantee. Once. One person.)
 
   
HOW MUCH?

35HEADS costs $17.50 complete -- shipping, handling and disk included, in your choice of PostScript or TrueType format. To receive both formats, send $22.50.
Your choice of 3 1/2" or 5 1/4" disk. The disk will be high-density.
For orders from outside the U.S.A., please send remittance in U.S. denomination. (Canadian Post Office postal money order in U.S. dollars; International Money Order; etc.) 

Upgrades: If you're a registered purchaser of 15FONTS or 25FONTS, send just $5.00 and you'll get a complete new set in the same format and on the same disk type as your previous order.

HOW DO I ORDER?

1. Print the order form below and then fill it out. Or write it out on a separate piece of paper. Or mark the options on the notes line of your check.
2. Make your check or money order out to "Thomas E. Harvey"
3. Enclose check and order in an envelope and mail it to:
	Thomas E. Harvey
	420 N. Bayshore Blvd., #206
	Clearwater, FL  34619
4. Your fonts will be on their way back to you the next business day.

THANK YOU. I DO APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT!

Thomas E. Harvey
April 10, 1993

CompuServe: 72327,1702
America OnLine: ThomasH53

In all files within this package, Microsoft and Microsoft Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. CorelDraw is a registered trademark of Corel Systems, Inc. ATM and Adobe Type Manager are registered trademarks of Adobe Corporation. Fontographer is a registered trademark of AltSys Corp.

ORDER FORM--------------------------------------------------------

Hey Tom. I've taken a look at the Calendar free font and I like what I see. Please send me 35HEADS.

Name:

Address:

City/State/Zip/(Country):

Disk size: ___ 3 1/2" HD   or   ___ 5 1/4" HD  

Format:
___ TrueType only ($17.50)
___ PostScript only ($17.50)
___ TrueType and PostScript ($22.50)
___ Registered User Upgrade ($5.00)

I got this free font file from:
__ CompuServe  __ America OnLine  __ Local BBS  __ A friend 

