SOME CALENDAR TRUETYPE THOUGHTS....

This file IS NOT required reading or a set of detailed instructions!
You can feel free to plunge right in making calendars without reading
on if you like. If you're familiar with your application, you may have 
already done so!

The Calendar typeface works just like any other TrueType font.
The big difference is that the characters are the constructive
parts of a typical calendar. Since it is a little different from
a standard type font, here are a few hints:

1. After installing the font, print a type showing that mirrors the
keyboard. That will give you a handy guide to what keystroke sets
which character. To save some keystrokes, you can use the following
by cutting and pasting and then formatting using your new Calendar font:

   UPPER CASE KEYSTROKES:
~!@#$%^&*()_+|
qwertyuiop{}
asdfghjkl:"
zxcvbnm<>?
   LOWER CASE KEYSTROKES:
`1234567890-=\
QWERTYUIOP[]
ASDFGHJKL;'
ZXCVBNM,./

You may decide to make an even better guide with whatever software
you use the Calendar font with.

2. You'll notice, for example, that the lower-case "q" creates a box
with a "1" in it, for the first day of the month. The "w" makes a box
for the second day with the kerning being set so that the adjacent
border lines of the two overprint each other, and so on. There are boxes
for every normal need. There are days of the week, both long/small and
and short/large versions which will print just above any boxes appearing
on the following line. There is a "broken" box which can be used for
holidays or highlights by setting a second piece of type and placing
it on top of the desired day (...assuming you are using an application
that will do this such as PageMaker or CorelDraw).

Additionally, there is a full upper case alphabet and set of numerals to
create matching month-names, years, or other captions. (If you need lower
case alphabetic characters, the font used is NewForum, which is available
in 35HEADS -- see the included "35README.TXT" file for ordering
instructions.)

3. When you set type, set it "solid." (i.e. set 20-point type on 20-point
line leading and so on.) This will give the proper interline spacing so that,
for example, the top borders of later weeks will properly overprint the lower
borders of previous weeks.

4. The great thing about this calendar font is that you can do it in any size
you like, if you have a use or need for the size. I've made months as small as
10-point which creates a box of about 1/8" square per day; good for felt-tip
marking or pocket calendars. And you can easily change to a new size simply
by selecting and re-sizing the whole block of type, boxes, days-of-week,
and all. It's that easy!

5. I haven't tried using this font in a variety of applications. But it's
worked well in PageMaker and CorelDraw. If I remember correctly, you
can control the leading adequately to make it work in Word for Windows.
It will work in Windows Write, except there's no fine control over 
inter-line spacing, so Write will put white lines between the weeks. 

That's it. It's really quite simple when you see the concept. I've used it
a lot in just the week since I came up with the idea and created the font.
I can't believe that no one else has put out a font like this (or have I
just missed it?).

I'd be happy to hear from you. See the "35README.TXT" file for my e-mail
and postal addresses.

     Enjoy the font!

     Thomas E. Harvey
     May 18, 1993